VuePress transition (#93)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: config.plist/README.md

| [Kaby Lake and Amber Lake](/config-laptop.plist/kaby-lake.md) | 7XXX | 2017 era |
| [Coffee Lake](/config-laptop.plist/coffee-lake.md) | 8XXX | 2017-2018 era |
| [Coffee Lake Plus and Comet Lake](/config-laptop.plist/coffee-lake.md) | 9XXX-10XXX | 2019-2020 era |
| [Ice Lake](/config-laptop.plist/ice-lake.md) | 10XXX | 2019-2020 era |

### Intel HEDT

This section includes both enthusiast and server based hardware.

| Code Name | Series | Release |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| [Haswell-E](/config-HEDT/haswell-e.md) | 5XXX | 2014 era |
| [Broadwell-E](/config-HEDT/broadwell-e.md) | 6XXX | 2016 era |
| [Skylake/Cascade Lake-X/W](/config-HEDT/skylake-x.md) | 7XXX, 9XXX, 10XXX | 2017-2019 era |

### AMD

| Code Name | Series | Release |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| [Bulldozer/Jaguar](/AMD/fx.md) | [It's weird](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Micro_Devices) | [AMD was really bad with naming back then](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Micro_Devices) |
| [Zen](/AMD/zen.md) | 1XXX, 2XXX, 3XXX | 2017-2020 era |

* Note: Threadripper 3rd gen(39XX) are not supported, 1st and 2nd gen however are supported

### Legacy

> Note that this is only guide-lines and will not be full-features guides like the other generations. This is mainly due to not enough testing, verifiable information and overall community support as these hardware are become less and less used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these are only guidelines and will not be full-featured guides like the other generations. This is mainly due to not enough testing, verifiable information, and overall community support as this hardware become less and less used.
```
